>> Kent C. Dodds: You have a question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
going back to the mocks real quick.
Is that a situation where let's say you
have an internal API that is not yet
ready on the back end?
Is that a situation where out of necessity
you might wanna mock up a data endpoint?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
that's a good question.
So yeah, do you wanna create a mock for
an API that's not ready yet?
Well, taking a step back,
when that API is ready,
I will want to have a mock for
it, probably.
It kinda depends,
if you're doing an integration test that
integrates several services together,
maybe you’ll want to
actually make that network request
to verify things or whatever.
You can rely on that service for
your test and stuff.
And so in that situation, you might not
want to eventually have a mock for it.
But if we’re talking about unit tests,
these lower level tests,
then you probably will want
to have a mock for it anyway.
And so I'd just train a mock for
it whether it's ready or not.
If it's not ready yet
then in the process of development,
it's kinda nice to have a mock API.
Not in the context of testing but
just in the context of being
able to develop the software.
That's just a general good practice.
And so if your tests are gonna
be actually hitting the API
ultimately when it's available.
Then you just have your
test hit that mock API.
You'll have to spin up that mock server,
whatever, and hit those.
But in general,
the way I think about testing,
with the exception of maybe in stage or
something like in the CI for stage.
You'll want to actually hit live
services and stuff like that.
In general,
if I'm running the test on my machine,
I want to be totally offline to
be able to run all those tests.
And so I'm gonna have those
services on my computer anyway.
I'm gonna fire up those services.
So if one of those is not ready yet,
I'm gonna have a mock version of that
service and
might test will hit that mock version.
Just like my development process would.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Cool.
Cool, any other questions?
All righty, cool.
So let's go ahead, and what I'm gonna
do is I'm actually going to reset.
Get sign my projects in a clean slate.
I don't want any of my changes
to mess up anything else.
So you don't have to do this but
I'm going to just get reset hard,
get everything back to fresh spot.